Parrots are insanely overpowered and it
makes no sense. I've talked before about
why parrots are an awful pet because
they do literally nothing except mimic
mobs, which is really annoying, but I
just saw this video from Vavilli that
showed how parrots are actually useful
when mining. Normally, you can only hear
mobs from up to 16 blocks away. So, when
digging around looking for a cave, you
might not be able to hear mobs in caves
if they're too far away. But parrots can
hear mobs and start mimicking them from
up to 20 blocks away, expanding the
distance you can hear a cave slightly.
And this is really smart. So I started
researching parrots and found out
they're way stronger than I thought. For
instance, when you throw an ender pearl
while riding a mob, the mob doesn't
teleport with you. But parrots are the
only mob in the game that actually do.
But even stronger than that, parrots are
completely invincible when riding a
player's shoulder because they literally
stop existing and don't have a hitbox
when riding a player. But strongest of
all, on Bedrock, parrots can control
interdimensional travel because a parrot
on your shoulder will stop you from
going through Nether and End portals.